## Lession 1 How to start a conversation

- [16 Lessions Index](./index.md)

Hello / Hi

How's it going?

How are you doing?

Hey, what's up?

How is / How's ...

    ...怎么样

    How is everything?
    How's life?
    How's your family?
    How's your job?

How are...

    How are your parents?
    How are your family?

I'm doing great.

They're doing great.

Pretty good.

Wow I realy love your...

    Skirt 裙子
    Coat 外套
    Shoes 鞋子
    Hairstyle 发型

Wow, that's a really cool...

    Camera 相机
    Phone 手机
    Jacket 夹克

Execute me, I just heard you speaking Chinese, you're pretty good!

Execute me, is this seat taken?

Execute me, is anyone sitting here?

This place is pretty cool. Do you come here often?

Do you need a hand?

Hi, nice to meet you, I'm Chris.

I'm Chris.

My name is Chris.

Please allow me to introduce myself. I'm Chris.

This is my business card. 名片

I've heard a lot of things about you.

Chris has told me all about you.

    Chris 经常跟我提起你。

I‘d like you to meet a friend of mine.

Let me introduce you to my friend Li Ning.

This is Li Ning. Li Ning, (this is) Chris.

Excuse me, but I don't think I know your name.

I'm so sorry. Could you tell me your name again?

I'm sorry, but I don't beleive I know your name.

(It's) nice to meet you.

Pleased to meet you.

It's a pleasure to meet you.

So, have you lived here long?

Have you worked here long?

Do you live around here?

Do you come here often?

So, what do yo do, if you don't mind my asking?

So, what exactly is it that you do?

So waht do you do for a living?

Can I ask you what you do?

So, how did you end up in China?

Are you used to the life in China?

What places have you visited in China?

What is your favourite city in China?

What do you think of China/Chinese food?

What do you think of...?

China, Chinese food, Chinese girls, Beijing

I'm a software engineer.

I'm in IT/finance.

I work for an IT company.

State-owned company 国企

Chinese company 中国公司

Foreign company 外企

Insurance company 保险公司

What kind of company do you work for?