## Lession 2 Daily conversation topics

- [16 Lessions Index](./index.md)

Do you have any brothers and sisters?

I've got an older brother.

I've got a younger brother.

I've got an odler sister.

I've got a younger sister.

Do you have a big family?

Where are your family from?

Are they all back in the US?

Are you married?

Do you have kids yet?

Do you have a family yet?

Family = lover + kids

What do your parents do?

So, what do you like to do in your spare time?

So, what do you like to do outside work?

So, what do you like to do to relax?

What are your hobbies?

WHat are you interested in?

I like dancing, travelling and taking photos.

I love cooking and reading.

I'm crazy about playing basketball.

I'm really interested in history.

I like...

I love...

I'm crazy about...

I'm passionate about...

I'm really interested in...

Do you often play football?

Do you get to play football much?

Do you have much opportunity to play football?

No, not very often.

I play football every week.

I play football once a week.

I play football twice a week.

I play football three times a week.

I play footbal from time to time. 偶尔

I play football when I get the time.

So, what sports do you like to play?

So, what sports do you like to watch?

What team do you support?

Do you have a favourite team?

I support Liverpool.

I don't really support a particular team.

So what do you do to keep fit?

Do you like going to the gym? 健身房

Do you work out?

I like to go for a run in the mornings.

You look gorgeous 漂亮 in that dress! 

You're looking great today!

You look very healthy.

Have you lost weight?

What kind of moives do you like?

I like watching action movies. 动作片

What kind of sports do you like?

What kind of music do you like to listen to?

I like pop music. 流行音乐

Who is your favourite singer?

Are you a fan of Jay Chou?

Do you often go to concerts? 演唱会

Do yo play a musical instrument? 弹乐器

What kind of TV shows do you like?

What TV series 连续剧 are you watching at the moment 目前? 

I'm binge-watching House of Cards. 正在追《纸牌屋》

What kind of places do you like?

Where are you going for your holidays this year?

Where did you go for your vavation?

I went to the Maldives.

Did you have a good trip?

Yes I readlly enjoy myself.

Where did you go in America?

Where would you most like to visit?

Have you been to France before?

Have you ever been to France?

What places have you been in China?

What cities have you been in China?