## Lession 2 How to end a conversation skilfully

- [16 Lessions Index](./index.md)

哈里王子大婚

Did you see the wedding?

Did you go to the wedding?

Congratulations!

Congratulations on your wedding!

Goodbye.

See you (later)!

See you this weekend!

See you at the weekend!

See you around! 回头见

Have a good day!

Have a good night! 夜里

Have a good evening! 整个晚上

Have a good one! 祝你度过愉快的一天！

Hope to see you again soon.

Execuse me for a minute, I'll be right back.

Well, I've got to go.

Well, I should be going.

Hey, I should go, or I'll be late for work.

Hey, I should go, or I'll be late for scheool.

Hey, I should go, or I'll be late for my meeting.

Hey, I should go, or I'll be late for my train.

Hey, I should go, or I'll be late for my flight.

Well, I won't bother you any more.

Ok, I won't take up any more of your time.

I should go say hi to my friend.

I should get back to my work.

I should let you get back to your work.

I really enjoyed our chat.

It was great to talk to you today.

It was really nice meeting you.

It was really nice to talk to you.

I had a great time talking with you, but I need to get going or I will be late.

Let me give you my email address.

Feel free to call me if you want to hang out.

Here, I'll give you my number.

Do you have WeChat?

Can I add your WeChat?

Can I get your phone number?

Stay in touch!

Keep in touch!

Let's go for a coffee sometime.

I'd love to show you some cool places.

I'd love to hang out sometime, I'll call you, ok?

Are you free any time next week?

When are you free?

Are you free on Saturday at 3pm?

Do you have time on Saturday?

Say hello to your parents for me.

Say hello to your wife for me.

Say hello to your husband for me.

Say hello to John for me.

Send my regards to your farmily.

Send my regards to John.

Give your family my love. 好朋友之间

Keep in touch.

Look after yourself.

Take care! 保重！